website/src/pages/styling.mdx, before:

# Styling

Styling can be done globally via `toastOptions`, this way every toast will have the same styling.

```jsx
<Toaster
  toastOptions={{
    style: {
      background: 'red',
    },
    className: 'class',
  }}
/>
```

You can also use the same props when calling `toast` to style a specific toast.

```jsx
toast('Hello World', {
  style: {
    background: 'red',
  },
  className: 'class',
});
```

## Tailwind CSS

The preferred way to style the toasts with tailwind is by using the `classNames` prop. Exclamation mark in front of the class is required to override the default styles.

```jsx
<Toaster
  toastOptions={{
    classNames: {
      toast: '!bg-blue-400',
      title: '!text-red-400',
      description: '!text-red-400',
      actionButton: '!bg-zinc-400',
      cancelButton: '!bg-orange-400',
      closeButton: '!bg-lime-400',
    },
  }}
/>
```

You can do the same when calling `toast()`.

```jsx
toast('Hello World', {
  classNames: {
    toast: '!bg-blue-400',
    title: '!text-red-400 !text-2xl',
    description: '!text-red-400',
    actionButton: '!bg-zinc-400',
    cancelButton: '!bg-orange-400',
    closeButton: '!bg-lime-400',
  },
});
```

Styling per toast type is also possible.

```jsx
<Toaster
  toastOptions={{
    classNames: {
      error: '!bg-red-400',
      success: '!text-green-400',
      warning: '!text-yellow-400',
      info: '!bg-blue-400',
    },
  }}
/>
```

## No styles

You can also disable default styles by going headless.

```jsx
toast.custom((t) => (
  <div>
    This is a custom component <button onClick={() => toast.dismiss(t)}>close</button>
  </div>
));
```

Commit message:

Improve unstyled prop, add docs (#240)
* Add unstled prop

* Add closeButtonLabel

website/src/pages/styling.mdx, after:

# Styling

Styling can be done globally via `toastOptions`, this way every toast will have the same styling.

```jsx
<Toaster
  toastOptions={{
    style: {
      background: 'red',
    },
    className: 'class',
  }}
/>
```

You can also use the same props when calling `toast` to style a specific toast.

```jsx
toast('Hello World', {
  style: {
    background: 'red',
  },
  className: 'class',
});
```

## Tailwind CSS

The preferred way to style the toasts with tailwind is by using the `unstyled` prop. That will give you an unstyled toast which you can then style with tailwind.

```jsx
<Toaster
  toastOptions={{
    unstyled: true,
    classNames: {
      toast: 'bg-blue-400',
      title: 'text-red-400',
      description: 'text-red-400',
      actionButton: 'bg-zinc-400',
      cancelButton: 'bg-orange-400',
      closeButton: 'bg-lime-400',
    },
  }}
/>
```

You can do the same when calling `toast()`.

```jsx
toast('Hello World', {
  unstyled: true,
  classNames: {
    toast: 'bg-blue-400',
    title: 'text-red-400 text-2xl',
    description: 'text-red-400',
    actionButton: 'bg-zinc-400',
    cancelButton: 'bg-orange-400',
    closeButton: 'bg-lime-400',
  },
});
```

Styling per toast type is also possible.

```jsx
<Toaster
  toastOptions={{
    unstyled: true,
    classNames: {
      error: 'bg-red-400',
      success: 'text-green-400',
      warning: 'text-yellow-400',
      info: 'bg-blue-400',
    },
  }}
/>
```
