website/src/pages/toaster.mdx, before:

# Toaster

This component renders all the toasts, you can place it anywhere in your app.

## Customization

You can see examples of most of the scenarios described below on the [homepage](/).

### Expand

When you hover on one of the toasts, they will expand. You can make that the default behavior by setting the `expand` prop to `true`, and customize it even further with the `visibleToasts` prop.

```jsx
// 9 toasts will be visible instead of the default, which is 3.
<Toaster expand visibleToasts={9} />
```

### Position

Changes the place where all toasts will be rendered.

```jsx
// Available positions:
// top-left, top-center, top-right, bottom-left, bottom-center, bottom-right
<Toaster position="top-center" />
```

### Styling all toasts

You can customzie all toasts at once with `toastOptions` prop. These options will act as the default for all toasts.

```jsx
<Toaster
  toastOptions={{
    style: { background: 'red' },
    className: 'my-toast',
  }}
/>
```

### dir

Changes the directionality of the toast's text.

```jsx
// rtl, ltr, auto
<Toaster dir="rtl" />
```

## API Reference

| Property      |                                            Description                                             |        Default |
| :------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | -------------: |
| theme         |                         Toast's theme, either `light`, `dark`, or `system`                         |        `light` |
| richColors    |                            Makes error and success state more colorful                             |        `false` |
| expand        |                                 Toasts will be expanded by default                                 |        `false` |
| visibleToasts |                                      Amount of visible toasts                                      |            `3` |
| position      |                              Place where the toasts will be rendered                               | `bottom-right` |
| closeButton   |                                 Adds a close button to all toasts                                  |        `false` |
| offset        |                                Offset from the edges of the screen.                                |         `32px` |
| dir           |                                   Directionality of toast's text                                   |          `ltr` |
| hotkey        |                    Keyboard shortcut that will move focus to the toaster area.                     |    `⌥/alt + T` |
| invert        |                             Dark toasts in light mode and vice versa.                              |        `false` |
| toastOptions  | These will act as default options for all toasts. See [toast()](/toast) for all available options. |         `4000` |
| gap           |                                  Gap between toasts when expanded                                  |           `14` |
| loadingIcon   |                                  Changes the default loading icon                                  |            `-` |

Commit message:

Implement option to pause when document is hidden (#304)
* Implement option to pause when document is hidden

* Add option to documentation

* Rename pauseWhenDocumentHidden -> pauseWhenPageIsHidden for conciseness; improve documentation with examples

---------

Co-authored-by: etcd <etcd>

website/src/pages/toaster.mdx, after:

# Toaster

This component renders all the toasts, you can place it anywhere in your app.

## Customization

You can see examples of most of the scenarios described below on the [homepage](/).

### Expand

When you hover on one of the toasts, they will expand. You can make that the default behavior by setting the `expand` prop to `true`, and customize it even further with the `visibleToasts` prop.

```jsx
// 9 toasts will be visible instead of the default, which is 3.
<Toaster expand visibleToasts={9} />
```

### Position

Changes the place where all toasts will be rendered.

```jsx
// Available positions:
// top-left, top-center, top-right, bottom-left, bottom-center, bottom-right
<Toaster position="top-center" />
```

### Styling all toasts

You can customzie all toasts at once with `toastOptions` prop. These options will act as the default for all toasts.

```jsx
<Toaster
  toastOptions={{
    style: { background: 'red' },
    className: 'my-toast',
  }}
/>
```

### dir

Changes the directionality of the toast's text.

```jsx
// rtl, ltr, auto
<Toaster dir="rtl" />
```

## API Reference

| Property              |                                                           Description                                                           |        Default |
| :-------------------- | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | -------------: |
| theme                 |                                       Toast's theme, either `light`, `dark`, or `system`                                        |        `light` |
| richColors            |                                           Makes error and success state more colorful                                           |        `false` |
| expand                |                                               Toasts will be expanded by default                                                |        `false` |
| visibleToasts         |                                                    Amount of visible toasts                                                     |            `3` |
| position              |                                             Place where the toasts will be rendered                                             | `bottom-right` |
| closeButton           |                                                Adds a close button to all toasts                                                |        `false` |
| offset                |                                              Offset from the edges of the screen.                                               |         `32px` |
| dir                   |                                                 Directionality of toast's text                                                  |          `ltr` |
| hotkey                |                                   Keyboard shortcut that will move focus to the toaster area.                                   |    `⌥/alt + T` |
| invert                |                                            Dark toasts in light mode and vice versa.                                            |        `false` |
| toastOptions          |               These will act as default options for all toasts. See [toast()](/toast) for all available options.                |         `4000` |
| gap                   |                                                Gap between toasts when expanded                                                 |           `14` |
| loadingIcon           |                                                Changes the default loading icon                                                 |            `-` |
| pauseWhenPageIsHidden | Pauses toast timers when the page is hidden, e.g., when the tab is backgrounded, the browser is minimized, or the OS is locked. |        `false` |
